classname inc/dec
inc eax,
inc ebx,
inc ecx,
inc edx,
inc ebp,
inc esi,
inc edi,
dec eax,
dec ebx,
dec ecx,
dec edx,
dec ebp,
dec esi,
dec edi,
classname pop
pop eax,
pop ebx,
pop ecx,
pop edx,
pop ebp,
pop esi,
pop edi,
classname add/adc/sub/sbb
add eax, ebx
add eax, ecx
add eax, edx
add eax, ebp
add eax, esi
add eax, edi
add ebx, eax
add ebx, ecx
add ebx, ebp
add ebx, esi
add ebx, edi
add ebx, edi
add ecx, eax
add ecx, ebx
add ecx, edx
add ecx, ebp
add ecx, esi
add ecx, edi
add edx, eax
add edx, ebx
add edx, ecx
add edx, ebp
add edx, esi
add edx, edi
add ebp, eax
add ebp, ebx
add ebp, ecx
add ebp, edx
add ebp, esi
add ebp, edi
add edi, eax
add edi, ebx
add edi, ecx
add edi, edx
add edi, ebp
add edi, esi
add esi, eax
add esi, ebx
add esi, ecx
add esi, edx
add esi, ebp
add esi, edi
add dword ptr [eax], ebx
add dword ptr [eax], ecx
add dword ptr [eax], edx
add dword ptr [eax], ebp
add dword ptr [eax], edi
add dword ptr [eax], esi
add dword ptr [ebx], eax
add dword ptr [ebx], ecx
add dword ptr [ebx], edx
add dword ptr [ebx], ebp
add dword ptr [ebx], esi
add dword ptr [ebx], edi
add dword ptr [ecx], eax
add dword ptr [ecx], ebx
add dword ptr [ecx], edx
add dword ptr [ecx], ebp
add dword ptr [ecx], esi
add dword ptr [ecx], edi
add dword ptr [edx], eax
add dword ptr [edx], ebx
add dword ptr [edx], ecx
add dword ptr [edx], ebp
add dword ptr [edx], esi
add dword ptr [edx], edi
add dword ptr [ebp], eax
add dword ptr [ebp], ebx
add dword ptr [ebp], ecx
add dword ptr [ebp], edx
add dword ptr [ebp], esi
add dword ptr [ebp], edi
add dword ptr [esi], eax
add dword ptr [esi], ebx
add dword ptr [esi], ecx
add dword ptr [esi], edx
add dword ptr [esi], ebp
add dword ptr [esi], edi
add dword ptr [edi], eax
add dword ptr [edi], ebx
add dword ptr [edi], ecx
add dword ptr [edi], edx
add dword ptr [edi], ebp
add dword ptr [edi], esi
add ebx, dword ptr [eax]
add ecx, dword ptr [eax]
add edx, dword ptr [eax]
add ebp, dword ptr [eax]
add edi,  dword ptr [eax]
add esi,  dword ptr [eax]
add eax, dword ptr [ebx]
add ecx, dword ptr [ebx]
add edx, dword ptr [ebx]
add ebp, dword ptr [ebx]
add esi,  dword ptr [ebx]
add edi,  dword ptr [ebx]
add eax, dword ptr [ecx]
add ebx, dword ptr [ecx]
add edx, dword ptr [ecx]
add ebp, dword ptr [ecx]
add esi,  dword ptr [ecx]
add edi,  dword ptr [ecx]
add eax, dword ptr [edx]
add ebx, dword ptr [edx]
add ecx, dword ptr [edx]
add ebp, dword ptr [edx]
add esi,  dword ptr [edx]
add edi,  dword ptr [edx]
add eax, dword ptr [ebp]
add ebx, dword ptr [ebp]
add ecx, dword ptr [ebp]
add edx, dword ptr [ebp]
add esi,  dword ptr [ebp]
add edi,  dword ptr [ebp]
add eax, dword ptr [esi]
add ebx, dword ptr [esi]
add ecx, dword ptr [esi]
add edx, dword ptr [esi]
add ebp,  dword ptr [esi]
add edi,  dword ptr [esi]
add eax, dword ptr [edi]
add ebx, dword ptr [edi]
add ecx, dword ptr [edi]
add edx, dword ptr [edi]
add ebp,  dword ptr [edi]
add esi,  dword ptr [edi]
adc eax, ebx
adc eax, ecx
adc eax, edx
adc eax, ebp
adc eax, esi
adc eax, edi
adc ebx, eax
adc ebx, ecx
adc ebx, ebp
adc ebx, esi
adc ebx, edi
adc ebx, edi
adc ecx, eax
adc ecx, ebx
adc ecx, edx
adc ecx, ebp
adc ecx, esi
adc ecx, edi
adc edx, eax
adc edx, ebx
adc edx, ecx
adc edx, ebp
adc edx, esi
adc edx, edi
adc ebp, eax
adc ebp, ebx
adc ebp, ecx
adc ebp, edx
adc ebp, esi
adc ebp, edi
adc edi, eax
adc edi, ebx
adc edi, ecx
adc edi, edx
adc edi, ebp
adc edi, esi
adc esi, eax
adc esi, ebx
adc esi, ecx
adc esi, edx
adc esi, ebp
adc esi, edi
adc dword ptr [eax], ebx
adc dword ptr [eax], ecx
adc dword ptr [eax], edx
adc dword ptr [eax], ebp
adc dword ptr [eax], edi
adc dword ptr [eax], esi
adc dword ptr [ebx], eax
adc dword ptr [ebx], ecx
adc dword ptr [ebx], edx
adc dword ptr [ebx], ebp
adc dword ptr [ebx], esi
adc dword ptr [ebx], edi
adc dword ptr [ecx], eax
adc dword ptr [ecx], ebx
adc dword ptr [ecx], edx
adc dword ptr [ecx], ebp
adc dword ptr [ecx], esi
adc dword ptr [ecx], edi
adc dword ptr [edx], eax
adc dword ptr [edx], ebx
adc dword ptr [edx], ecx
adc dword ptr [edx], ebp
adc dword ptr [edx], esi
adc dword ptr [edx], edi
adc dword ptr [ebp], eax
adc dword ptr [ebp], ebx
adc dword ptr [ebp], ecx
adc dword ptr [ebp], edx
adc dword ptr [ebp], esi
adc dword ptr [ebp], edi
adc dword ptr [esi], eax
adc dword ptr [esi], ebx
adc dword ptr [esi], ecx
adc dword ptr [esi], edx
adc dword ptr [esi], ebp
adc dword ptr [esi], edi
adc dword ptr [edi], eax
adc dword ptr [edi], ebx
adc dword ptr [edi], ecx
adc dword ptr [edi], edx
adc dword ptr [edi], ebp
adc dword ptr [edi], esi
adc ebx, dword ptr [eax]
adc ecx, dword ptr [eax]
adc edx, dword ptr [eax]
adc ebp, dword ptr [eax]
adc edi,  dword ptr [eax]
adc esi,  dword ptr [eax]
adc eax, dword ptr [ebx]
adc ecx, dword ptr [ebx]
adc edx, dword ptr [ebx]
adc ebp, dword ptr [ebx]
adc esi,  dword ptr [ebx]
adc edi,  dword ptr [ebx]
adc eax, dword ptr [ecx]
adc ebx, dword ptr [ecx]
adc edx, dword ptr [ecx]
adc ebp, dword ptr [ecx]
adc esi,  dword ptr [ecx]
adc edi,  dword ptr [ecx]
adc eax, dword ptr [edx]
adc ebx, dword ptr [edx]
adc ecx, dword ptr [edx]
adc ebp, dword ptr [edx]
adc esi,  dword ptr [edx]
adc edi,  dword ptr [edx]
adc eax, dword ptr [ebp]
adc ebx, dword ptr [ebp]
adc ecx, dword ptr [ebp]
adc edx, dword ptr [ebp]
adc esi,  dword ptr [ebp]
adc edi,  dword ptr [ebp]
adc eax, dword ptr [esi]
adc ebx, dword ptr [esi]
adc ecx, dword ptr [esi]
adc edx, dword ptr [esi]
adc ebp,  dword ptr [esi]
adc edi,  dword ptr [esi]
adc eax, dword ptr [edi]
adc ebx, dword ptr [edi]
adc ecx, dword ptr [edi]
adc edx, dword ptr [edi]
adc ebp,  dword ptr [edi]
adc esi,  dword ptr [edi]
sub eax, ebx
sub eax, ecx
sub eax, edx
sub eax, ebp
sub eax, esi
sub eax, edi
sub ebx, eax
sub ebx, ecx
sub ebx, ebp
sub ebx, esi
sub ebx, edi
sub ebx, edi
sub ecx, eax
sub ecx, ebx
sub ecx, edx
sub ecx, ebp
sub ecx, esi
sub ecx, edi
sub edx, eax
sub edx, ebx
sub edx, ecx
sub edx, ebp
sub edx, esi
sub edx, edi
sub ebp, eax
sub ebp, ebx
sub ebp, ecx
sub ebp, edx
sub ebp, esi
sub ebp, edi
sub edi, eax
sub edi, ebx
sub edi, ecx
sub edi, edx
sub edi, ebp
sub edi, esi
sub esi, eax
sub esi, ebx
sub esi, ecx
sub esi, edx
sub esi, ebp
sub esi, edi
sub dword ptr [eax], ebx
sub dword ptr [eax], ecx
sub dword ptr [eax], edx
sub dword ptr [eax], ebp
sub dword ptr [eax], edi
sub dword ptr [eax], esi
sub dword ptr [ebx], eax
sub dword ptr [ebx], ecx
sub dword ptr [ebx], edx
sub dword ptr [ebx], ebp
sub dword ptr [ebx], esi
sub dword ptr [ebx], edi
sub dword ptr [ecx], eax
sub dword ptr [ecx], ebx
sub dword ptr [ecx], edx
sub dword ptr [ecx], ebp
sub dword ptr [ecx], esi
sub dword ptr [ecx], edi
sub dword ptr [edx], eax
sub dword ptr [edx], ebx
sub dword ptr [edx], ecx
sub dword ptr [edx], ebp
sub dword ptr [edx], esi
sub dword ptr [edx], edi
sub dword ptr [ebp], eax
sub dword ptr [ebp], ebx
sub dword ptr [ebp], ecx
sub dword ptr [ebp], edx
sub dword ptr [ebp], esi
sub dword ptr [ebp], edi
sub dword ptr [esi], eax
sub dword ptr [esi], ebx
sub dword ptr [esi], ecx
sub dword ptr [esi], edx
sub dword ptr [esi], ebp
sub dword ptr [esi], edi
sub dword ptr [edi], eax
sub dword ptr [edi], ebx
sub dword ptr [edi], ecx
sub dword ptr [edi], edx
sub dword ptr [edi], ebp
sub dword ptr [edi], esi
sub ebx, dword ptr [eax]
sub ecx, dword ptr [eax]
sub edx, dword ptr [eax]
sub ebp, dword ptr [eax]
sub edi, dword ptr [eax]
sub esi, dword ptr [eax]
sub eax, dword ptr [ebx]
sub ecx, dword ptr [ebx]
sub edx, dword ptr [ebx]
sub ebp, dword ptr [ebx]
sub esi, dword ptr [ebx]
sub edi, dword ptr [ebx]
sub eax, dword ptr [ecx]
sub ebx, dword ptr [ecx]
sub edx, dword ptr [ecx]
sub ebp, dword ptr [ecx]
sub esi, dword ptr [ecx]
sub edi, dword ptr [ecx]
sub eax, dword ptr [edx]
sub ebx, dword ptr [edx]
sub ecx, dword ptr [edx]
sub ebp, dword ptr [edx]
sub esi, dword ptr [edx]
sub edi, dword ptr [edx]
sub eax, dword ptr [ebp]
sub ebx, dword ptr [ebp]
sub ecx, dword ptr [ebp]
sub edx, dword ptr [ebp]
sub esi, dword ptr [ebp]
sub edi, dword ptr [ebp]
sub eax, dword ptr [esi]
sub ebx, dword ptr [esi]
sub ecx, dword ptr [esi]
sub edx, dword ptr [esi]
sub ebp, dword ptr [esi]
sub edi, dword ptr [esi]
sub eax, dword ptr [edi]
sub ebx, dword ptr [edi]
sub ecx, dword ptr [edi]
sub edx, dword ptr [edi]
sub ebp, dword ptr [edi]
sub esi, dword ptr [edi]
sbb eax, ebx
sbb eax, ecx
sbb eax, edx
sbb eax, ebp
sbb eax, esi
sbb eax, edi
sbb ebx, eax
sbb ebx, ecx
sbb ebx, ebp
sbb ebx, esi
sbb ebx, edi
sbb ebx, edi
sbb ecx, eax
sbb ecx, ebx
sbb ecx, edx
sbb ecx, ebp
sbb ecx, esi
sbb ecx, edi
sbb edx, eax
sbb edx, ebx
sbb edx, ecx
sbb edx, ebp
sbb edx, esi
sbb edx, edi
sbb ebp, eax
sbb ebp, ebx
sbb ebp, ecx
sbb ebp, edx
sbb ebp, esi
sbb ebp, edi
sbb edi, eax
sbb edi, ebx
sbb edi, ecx
sbb edi, edx
sbb edi, ebp
sbb edi, esi
sbb esi, eax
sbb esi, ebx
sbb esi, ecx
sbb esi, edx
sbb esi, ebp
sbb esi, edi
sbb dword ptr [eax], ebx
sbb dword ptr [eax], ecx
sbb dword ptr [eax], edx
sbb dword ptr [eax], ebp
sbb dword ptr [eax], edi
sbb dword ptr [eax], esi
sbb dword ptr [ebx], eax
sbb dword ptr [ebx], ecx
sbb dword ptr [ebx], edx
sbb dword ptr [ebx], ebp
sbb dword ptr [ebx], esi
sbb dword ptr [ebx], edi
sbb dword ptr [ecx], eax
sbb dword ptr [ecx], ebx
sbb dword ptr [ecx], edx
sbb dword ptr [ecx], ebp
sbb dword ptr [ecx], esi
sbb dword ptr [ecx], edi
sbb dword ptr [edx], eax
sbb dword ptr [edx], ebx
sbb dword ptr [edx], ecx
sbb dword ptr [edx], ebp
sbb dword ptr [edx], esi
sbb dword ptr [edx], edi
sbb dword ptr [ebp], eax
sbb dword ptr [ebp], ebx
sbb dword ptr [ebp], ecx
sbb dword ptr [ebp], edx
sbb dword ptr [ebp], esi
sbb dword ptr [ebp], edi
sbb dword ptr [esi], eax
sbb dword ptr [esi], ebx
sbb dword ptr [esi], ecx
sbb dword ptr [esi], edx
sbb dword ptr [esi], ebp
sbb dword ptr [esi], edi
sbb dword ptr [edi], eax
sbb dword ptr [edi], ebx
sbb dword ptr [edi], ecx
sbb dword ptr [edi], edx
sbb dword ptr [edi], ebp
sbb dword ptr [edi], esi
sbb ebx, dword ptr [eax]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [eax]
sbb edx, dword ptr [eax]
sbb ebp, dword ptr [eax]
sbb edi, dword ptr [eax]
sbb esi, dword ptr [eax]
sbb eax, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb edx, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb ebp, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb esi, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb edi, dword ptr [ebx]
sbb eax, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb ebx, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb edx, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb ebp, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb esi, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb edi, dword ptr [ecx]
sbb eax, dword ptr [edx]
sbb ebx, dword ptr [edx]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [edx]
sbb ebp, dword ptr [edx]
sbb esi, dword ptr [edx]
sbb edi, dword ptr [edx]
sbb eax, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb ebx, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb edx, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb esi, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb edi, dword ptr [ebp]
sbb eax, dword ptr [esi]
sbb ebx, dword ptr [esi]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [esi]
sbb edx, dword ptr [esi]
sbb ebp,  dword ptr [esi]
sbb edi,  dword ptr [esi]
sbb eax, dword ptr [edi]
sbb ebx, dword ptr [edi]
sbb ecx, dword ptr [edi]
sbb edx, dword ptr [edi]
sbb ebp,  dword ptr [edi]
sbb esi,  dword ptr [edi]
classname xor/not/neg
xor eax, ebx
xor eax, ecx
xor eax, edx
xor eax, ebp
xor eax, esi
xor eax, edi
xor ebx, eax
xor ebx, ecx
xor ebx, edx
xor ebx, ebp
xor ebx, esi
xor ebx, edi
xor ecx, eax
xor ecx, ebx
xor ecx, edx
xor ecx, ebp
xor ecx, esi
xor ecx, edi
xor edx, eax
xor edx, ebx
xor edx, ecx
xor edx, ebp
xor edx, esi
xor edx, edi
xor ebp, eax
xor ebp, ebx
xor ebp, ecx
xor ebp, edx
xor ebp, esi
xor ebp, edi
xor esi, eax
xor esi, ebx
xor esi, ecx
xor esi, edx
xor esi, ebp
xor esi, edi
xor edi, eax
xor edi, ebx
xor edi, ecx
xor edi, edx
xor edi, ebp
xor edi, esi
xor ebx, dword ptr [eax]
xor ecx, dword ptr [eax]
xor edx, dword ptr [eax]
xor ebp, dword ptr [eax]
xor edi, dword ptr [eax]
xor esi, dword ptr [eax]
xor eax, dword ptr [ebx]
xor ecx, dword ptr [ebx]
xor edx, dword ptr [ebx]
xor ebp, dword ptr [ebx]
xor esi, dword ptr [ebx]
xor edi, dword ptr [ebx]
xor eax, dword ptr [ecx]
xor ebx, dword ptr [ecx]
xor edx, dword ptr [ecx]
xor ebp, dword ptr [ecx]
xor esi, dword ptr [ecx]
xor edi, dword ptr [ecx]
xor eax, dword ptr [edx]
xor ebx, dword ptr [edx]
xor ecx, dword ptr [edx]
xor ebp, dword ptr [edx]
xor esi, dword ptr [edx]
xor edi, dword ptr [edx]
xor eax, dword ptr [ebp]
xor ebx, dword ptr [ebp]
xor ecx, dword ptr [ebp]
xor edx, dword ptr [ebp]
xor esi, dword ptr [ebp]
xor edi, dword ptr [ebp]
xor eax, dword ptr [esi]
xor ebx, dword ptr [esi]
xor ecx, dword ptr [esi]
xor edx, dword ptr [esi]
xor ebp, dword ptr [esi]
xor edi, dword ptr [esi]
xor eax, dword ptr [edi]
xor ebx, dword ptr [edi]
xor ecx, dword ptr [edi]
xor edx, dword ptr [edi]
xor ebp, dword ptr [edi]
xor esi, dword ptr [edi]
xor dword ptr [eax], ebx
xor dword ptr [eax], ecx
xor dword ptr [eax], edx
xor dword ptr [eax], ebp
xor dword ptr [eax], edi
xor dword ptr [eax], esi
xor dword ptr [ebx], eax
xor dword ptr [ebx], ecx
xor dword ptr [ebx], edx
xor dword ptr [ebx], ebp
xor dword ptr [ebx], esi
xor dword ptr [ebx], edi
xor dword ptr [ecx], eax
xor dword ptr [ecx], ebx
xor dword ptr [ecx], edx
xor dword ptr [ecx], ebp
xor dword ptr [ecx], esi
xor dword ptr [ecx], edi
xor dword ptr [edx], eax
xor dword ptr [edx], ebx
xor dword ptr [edx], ecx
xor dword ptr [edx], ebp
xor dword ptr [edx], esi
xor dword ptr [edx], edi
xor dword ptr [ebp], eax
xor dword ptr [ebp], ebx
xor dword ptr [ebp], ecx
xor dword ptr [ebp], edx
xor dword ptr [ebp], esi
xor dword ptr [ebp], edi
xor dword ptr [esi], eax
xor dword ptr [esi], ebx
xor dword ptr [esi], ecx
xor dword ptr [esi], edx
xor dword ptr [esi], ebp
xor dword ptr [esi], edi
xor dword ptr [edi], eax
xor dword ptr [edi], ebx
xor dword ptr [edi], ecx
xor dword ptr [edi], edx
xor dword ptr [edi], ebp
xor dword ptr [edi], esi
classname xchg eax, ebx
xchg eax, ebx
classname xchg eax, ecx
xchg eax, ecx
classname xchg eax, edx
xchg eax, edx
classname xchg eax, ebp
xchg eax, ebp
classname xchg eax, esi
xchg eax, esi
classname xchg eax, edi
xchg eax, edi





































